Improve Real-time response Handling for Remote Config (#15031)
firebase/firebase-ios-sdk: FirebaseRemoteConfig/CHANGELOG.md

# Unreleased

> - [Added] This change introduces improvements to how the SDK handles real-time requests when a
>   Firebase project has exceeded its available quota for real-time services. Released in anticipation
>   of future quota enforcement, this change is designed to fetch the latest template even when the
>   quota is exhausted.

Reviewer: nit: lowercase added tag and wrapped to 80 chars 
```suggestion
- [added] Improved how the SDK handles real-time requests when a Firebase
  project has exceeded its available quota for real-time services.
  Released in anticipation of future quota enforcement, this change is
  designed to fetch the latest template even when the quota is exhausted.
```
